The Joe Rogan experience.
There's this weird language thing happening there with all these, like,
like he called it desensitizing or sterilizing language and that's what's
happening. So it takes all that meaning away. Right.
So nobody knows what it means, except for the guy preaching it.
So the guy doing the diversity training, I watched a diversity training.
Somebody sent me from their job the other day, and this woman's like,
just droning on. It felt like you're just getting, you know,
imagine you're at the job. Like you have to do this for work.
You don't want to do it. And you're just watching this webinar.
And this lady just, ramrodding like 12 syllable words that you she's like, okay.
So we have to talk about microaggressions and there are different kinds of
microaggressions or micro assaults. There are micro. And it's just like,
what the hell is this micro assault, micro insults.
And then micro Microsoft micro assault is when you don't you do it on purpose.
Like, but what is a micro assault?
So a micro assault would be, um, you know,
making a small, but you know,
racially salient comment in the presence of a person of that race.
So it's not even not necessarily racist. No, it's not an assault. No,
these people violence is all words and, and disagree.
So micro assault can just be an insult.
And they're all insults micro. Everything has to just be like,
words are standing in the wrong place.
Oh boy, Jamie just pulled it up here. Uh microassault is an explicit racial
derogations characterize. What is that? Whoa, look at that expression.
A microassault is an explicit racial derogations.
So you've put somebody down on purpose. I know.
But that's a weird way of describing en explicit racial derogations
plural.
Yeah. Someone who reaches singular. Yeah, it doesn't sound right. Yeah.
Didn't editor. Derogations.
Puro characterized primarily by verbal or nonverbal attack meant to hurt the
intended victim through name calling there's your hyphen avoidant behavior
or purposeful discriminatory actions.
The hammer on that's broken all the pieces.
It's a mess. And that is a K zu.edu,
reason.ksu.edu. Nice.
I didn't even bother like editing that at that. There's so many of these.
Things that are like for education that are like this, and it's like,
they say stuff like themself and it's just like.
This is supposed to be for education. It's barely literate. What is going on?
Well, that's a problem when you're.
Using they and them as well. Right? So we're using they, them pronouns,
which are really supposed to, I mean,
for the most part indicate multiple people.
Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. The singular thing. Yay.
They, you know, so this guy w what you could say, they thought,
or they thought they would get away with it. I mean, you could say it,
you could say right. But it's hard to use it that way.
All the time. Right. It's hard to use it intentionally actually.
It's it's it comes up naturally. Sometimes then it's fine.
But it's hard to use intentionally. Yeah. If a person wanted to go to the store,
they could go. Right. And so there's something like,
kind of totalitarian about making people do things like that that are difficult,
like jumping through these little hoops and then holding them to massive
account. And it's like, I mean, even like the black lives matter thing,
like black lives matter as a sentence is obvious.
Forcing somebody to say an obvious thing. That's a great name and argue with it.
You also can't argue. Cause what are you gonna matter? Of course, it's, I mean,
it's so complicated because there's like, if somebody asked me, they said, okay,
do you support black lives matter, James, do you support black lives matter?
And of course, they're gonna try to catch me on this. And it's like, which one?
There's at least five. I support one of them.
And I think the other four are nuts. Right? So there's black lives matter.
All lower case letters is a sentence.
You can't disagree with it because it's obvious that black lives actually
matter. And you shouldn't be forced to say obvious things. But what that,
what is that? That's a, that's a call, right? They're saying, Hey look,
white people, people of other races,
we have a different experience for this society and it's bad.
And we need you to hear us and we want you to care.
And we want there to be action taken that we can work on together to figure out
and who couldn't support that movement.
I think everybody in the world supports that movement. But then you have the,
the official one and their websites full of like literally neo-Marxist stuff.
And they're like weird, like, feminist something or another like, seriously,
it's all on their, about page, on the black lives, on our website.
And it's like, that's a lot of baggage, man. I don't know if I'm for that.
And then you have like, the training video comes out with one saying, you know,
we're trained Marxists and they're they're, they are, they're trained activists.
You don't actually have to go along with all of that to agree with the sentence.
Right. Then you have this thing with, with white people.
There's like a black lives matter movement.
That's white people that are like washing black people's feet and like calling
them and apologizing and like freaking them out. And I mean,
this is actually horrible.
Too. Like, it's amazing. Could you imagine.
What it's like being like, somebody calls you, like all your friends,
all your white.
Friends start calling you. And they're like, by the way,
I've always kind of been raised.
Like you had a relationship with that person and now.
It's so awkward. My favorite one was.
The white actors that all got together in that black one film.
No kidding. That was solid. Oh my gosh.
Oh.
It was ones in there that I really enjoyed. I know.
The problem is these haven't worked in months and they want.
Attention. They wanted attention and they weren't getting it. So they're like,
I know, I know how to really choose this up in my favorite. Me, me, me, me.
It's so dumb. It's so dumb. Aaron, Paul, he broke my heart.
Oh. I saw him in there.
I went through the breaking bad guy. He's a mate. I love that dude.
And then I was like, bro, I wish I would've talked to you before that. I know.
I can tell you how, how this goes. I can tell you what happens next.
Just say good man. It's like me.
I get to watch it. That's right. We tell you,
we're going to make fun of it a lot.
That's right. The. Got it. It was so funny. So then there's two more.
We'll just drop them as whatever these, so what happened? I wanted.
To get back to this. You don't mind when the,
that piece came out and you got the award and then they found out like,
what was the, you said that she was.
Off. It was just, I got this email from her that was like short,
but it was like, I wouldn't really hurt that you were deceptive to me. You know,
it was kinda like.
That. And I felt bad actually. Like I don't, I'm not, I didn't do it to like,
be mean to people. You did it to prove a point. Like I actually, you know.
The saying, you know, you play the ball, don't play the man. Right.
So I guess I said it backwards.
If it's the saying is don't play the man play the ball. Uh,
this was about ideas for me. Like that project was about the ideas.
It was about the scholarship. It wasn't about the people.
And I felt like it was really unfortunate that there were people implicated in
it. I actually did feel bad for them. And almost every case,
there were a couple of them that actually right.
me off with some of the stuff they wrote to me.
But so I didn't feel bad about them so much, but that's a human failing. I,
you know, I'm not a perfect person.
When they you off. Cause they would, they.
Right. Oh, this one woman, we wrote a paper about masculinity and uh,
Hooters. And we said that the only reason guys go there is, I mean,
besides the obvious wanting to Ogle chicks,
but the main reason was so that they could order like double meaning in the word
order, right. Order their food.
They can order pretty young women around that have to do what they say.
And you know, they can patriarchaly order taking their orders.
What is a pun? And uh,
this one woman wrote like this long review of it. And she was like,
this paper, it was remembered.
It was submitted to a journal called men and masculinities.
It was a paper that was supposed to study the masculinity.
And she wrote back this paper talks about men instead of women and it victim
blames and blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm like, oh, you can go to hell. You know,
basically come on. I mean,
it was aggravated also because my paper didn't get in because of that,
he's like, it's like,
why would a paper about men and masculinity have to be about the women? Oh,
because feminism, that's why. Of course. And it's like,
it's so annoying that it's. So that, that, that aggravated me. Um,
most of them rest of them were actually like really nice people.
So I think your feeling is that there there's really nice
people that get bamboozled in a really bad ideas.
And then when you snuck in these hoax papers
that you're,
you're essentially speaking their lingo and they don't even know that they have.
A link. That's right.
And so I actually think that what we're looking at with this woke movement and,
you know, we've kind of compared it to cult, we've kind of compared it to real.
I actually think it's evil.
And the reason is because exactly what you just said,
it plays on people's best nature.
It takes good people and twists them to its purpose. And that's horrible.
Like the whole game is to try to make you a nicer, more caring person.
So it takes your care and turns it into something literally totalitarian.
You're not allowed to disagree with anything you say,
you get branded with these horrible, you know, stigmas.
They try to cancel people. And it's like,
it's literally trying to use people's best fairest,
most just and caring instincts to make them program into this way of thinking.
There's also the.
Things going on, particularly with, uh, people in their cars,
when they have marches that they just decide to start smashing
people's cars and doing things to people's cars,
whether it's because the people don't agree with what they're saying,
or they choose someone or they don't like the look of that person,
but they feel justified in the violently attacking them in their car.
Right. Because they are there to do a good.
Thing. That's right. Yeah.
The w whenever somebody is going to punish people and think it's the moral thing
to do, that's where you've got some danger going on.
And the reason they do that by the way is because they think everything
happening as violence. Like if, why does Antifa, by the way,
it's the fourth black lives matter movement.
Is these Antifa agitators starting the riots.
Why do they feel justified in throwing a brick through a Starbucks?
Why do they feel justified in starting yelling about targets?
Why does this keep happening?
And the reason this is going to sound absolutely insane,
but it's actually true is that they believe that something like Starbucks has a
big corporation. And when it comes into a neighborhood,
it starts taking a resources, capitalist resources,
money from that neighborhood, and then dumping it into a corporation.
And they see it as a form of violence against the neighborhood.
So they're justified in using violence to disrupt that by throwing a brick
through the window,
even though it's probably some franchise owners just trying to make a buck,
trying to have a job that runs it. That's crazy. Yeah. I mean, it's, it is,
that's, that's actually what the theoretical justification is with,
with regard to, to that aspect of the theories.
People were actually doing this, know this, that, that's why they're doing it.
Or, I mean, is this written.
Anywhere? Yeah. The like the Antifa books are crazy.
They talk about collection of capital, the P the, the, you know,
any kind of racist or sexist or whatever language as they want to determine it.
Being a form of violence, they call these things like epistemic violence.
In some of the literature, they call it discursive violence.
And some of the literature, sometimes they just call it violence. In theory,
you know, calling somebody saying,
you're a man or a woman is called a violence of categorization.
So there's all these different types of violence that they're sort of marinading
in this idea that these things that are happening the way people talk,
micro assault is a violence. And I mean, I even saw a thing.
Somebody sent me today from, uh, some university, Indiana,
maybe where the person saying that, uh, you know,
they were tearing down these physical monuments,
but maybe we need to think about discursive. So verbal monuments,
and then in the middle of this, which is otherwise cracked, but, you know,
not violent. He actually says something to the effect of that. We,
we really need to be prepared to do violence against this violence.
And so they're marinading in these kinds of thoughts. So you get these like,
like with Antifa, what are these dudes? These dudes are like hopped up,
mostly young men trying to put out. I mean, there's some women in there too,
of course,
but there's a lot of young who are like doing their young male rage and they're
off at society.
And they've read all these books saying how America sucks and how it hurts.
You know, all these, you know, poor people, it hurts, uh, you know, minorities.
And so on. A lot of people are feeling the sting, frankly, because the,
whatever, the Republican policies,
since Reagan have really kind of like put some squeeze on people. Well,
it's really.
Amplified now because of COVID because they locked down.
Yeah. Exactly. And people are out of their minds are living on Twitter. Yeah.
They're living on Twitter and also they're broke and they're exactly,
you're losing your field justified.
To loot. They feel justified to smash and Rob,
and it doesn't even have to really intellectualize it,
or really like when the rationalizing this,
they don't have to really make coaching points.
They just have to have like some iconic enemy in there. Right. We.
Really should have saw target getting set on fire when target got deemed
essential.
And the people started making a big deal about targets essential wise,
target essential because you need to buy toilet paper. You Jesus Christ.
That's right. What's weird is, um, I mean,
it's just weird how quickly it happened.
And it, it clearly.
Exacerbated by the lockdowns. That's right. One of the most amazing,
like combination of events that happens in a perfect storm order.
Right. And so it's okay. I'm not, let me start. Right. And this is already bad,
but I'm not a conspiracy theorist. I don't actually buy into conspiracies,
but we are in a situation because of a lot of political currents for the last 50
years where there's a lot of billionaire philanthropist groups, right.
That generate a lot of money. They run a lot of think tanks. They run a lot of,
uh,
like policy forums and organizations and 5 0 1 C threes and so on and so forth
to study things and do these things,
the rapidity with which the materials like the,
the like Instagram ready tracks that you could read and the little videos,
the speed and that the educational curricula and the guides for here's a bunch
of resources for, for how to remake your, your business.
This stuff came out fast. So what I think is actually going on is, I mean,
political operative types, wait for, I mean,
the saying is never let a good crisis go to waste, right?
So they wait for a precipitating event.
And then they've been making easy digest materials for a long time
and paying people like, you know, Hey, come work for our forum.
What we really need to do is look at how we can get books for like anti-racist
toddler books, you know, anti racist kids.
And so they get people writing these books, and I think they're doing it.
It's not like some, you know, boardroom nasty stuff.
And then these materials are just ready to go out fast.
And so this, we had, as you said, a perfect storm, COVID,
like codes everybody off the media has everybody off. Trump has everybody off.
It's like impossible to watch any of this and not be just off.
I have to be careful cause I actually start to get frustrated and emotional
about it. Um, I, the, the amount of being lied to that's just so obvious,
you know, through a lot of the news right now at these protests,
especially in riots, it was just galling. Well, the.
Article that I showed you that shows that the COVID KickUp,
the uptake in cases had nothing to do with black lives matter,
but plop probably had to do with people staying inside. Yeah.
It's it's like gaslighting, man, but that's the craziest.
Gaslighting ever like, so why you making everybody stay inside then?
Cause that means that the disease is going to get even worse. Right?
Like if we're being forced to lock in and shut down and shut and stay home,
that's gonna make the disease worse.
Feel like which way does it go? And nobody knows. And then you live in this,
like, I don't know what what's true about CRO COVID at all. Now it's like,
you were allowed to go out and like groups less than 10,
but not if you were protesting, then they could be up to a thousand or so.
I mean, it's like multiple thousands.
Like what in the world is going on once you're.
Protesting and if, as long as it's a good cause everybody could die. Yeah,
exactly. It's fine. That's because.
Racism is the real virus is what they actually said. Um, well that's.
A real virus too, but, uh, that COVID, real. Trust me.
It's it's I know, I know multiple people that have it right now. Okay.